? - Home
Dear Sister,
I've never understood the purpose of letters but, having your last moments be something I can keep close to me forever made me understand more.
You were always a better writer than me, yet I was the one sent to university. I found mom and dad, it was rather hard to break the news.
Your friend, with no father to return to, has moved in with us. I wouldn't let her see your body, I knew you wouldn't want her to see what you'd been turned into.
I gave her the letter you addressed to her, she wants us to read it together.
We haven't been able to find the courage to view your last moments, actually I'm writing this letter in an attempt to face your death.
I can't stop seeing the tortured look on your face as I saw you draw your last breath, wondering if I had just been a bit faster if I could've changed this.
Hoping one day you'll burst through the door and this nightmare would end.
She talks about you, she tells me of the time you spent together.
God she has it bad for you. Don't know how you managed to get a girl to like you, but I guess you've grown in my absence.
It's been hard.
She cries in her sleep, I think I do too.
Mom and dad are too afraid to show that they're hurt, hoping to be the only solidity in our lives, but we know it's hurting them even more.
I miss you.
I hope there's some sort of afterlife and you're partying it up, waiting to see us all again. Just, you know, when the time is right.
We held a funeral for you, even visited the town you brought survivors to. It has to be some sick fucking joke that none of them can remember that you saved them.
They don't even remember the doctor, guess the medicine had more side effects. I went back so I could bury you. You must've bulked up because damn you were heavy.
I buried you in our secret hideout from back when we were younger.
Sorry, it would've been awkward to drive with a corpse in the car, plus I felt you'd prefer to be buried somewhere with happier memories instead of rotting on the cold concrete of that bastard's lab.
I stole some of the pills, I have some "nerd friends", as you would put it, that might help. I'll keep them all safe, and I will figure out why you had to die.
Until I see you again,
B