You arrive at the station after finishing your first semester away at college. Unfortunately, the station doesn't go to your town, so you still have to walk home.
It's been hard being away from family so long, but they all assured you that going to college was the right decision.
Honestly, the whole time you were always worrying if your family was doing alright, but, despite all the worrying, you did make some friends and have some fun.
You've reached the station. You gather up your belongings and head off.
Upon exitting the train, a girl runs up to you.
Girl: "Are you, Benji?"
You nod. "Do I know you?"
Girl: "No. It's a long story, but uh... Just read this."
She hands you a journal. It looks strangely familiar, but you aren't quite sure why.
You look at the girl. "Is this some kind of weird prank?"
The girl looks frustrated and exhausted.
Girl: "It's not a prank. Can you please just read it. It's very important to me that you do."
I sigh. She looks like she's on the verge of tears. "Alright, alright. If it's that important to you, there's no way I'm convincing you to forget it."
It's a hefty journal, but it's a small price to pay to help her out.
I open up the journal and begin to read:
Hello, I'm not sure who's going to be reading this. I'm writing this in what very well might be my last moments. I might as well start from the beginning.
Some man came into town about a few weeks ago, we didn't think much of it and have always been somewhat of an open town.
Kids playing in the park and all that happy shit. He started befriending the town council, which wasn’t particularly abnormal, we’re all friends with them.
I started having worries when they started inviting him to their meetings. I mean, he was barely a member of our town. I asked them about it.
They said he’s a doctor with a unique insight, whatever that means. Inviting him to meetings was their way of trying to get him to stay in our town.
I guess it worked cause he eventually opened up a clinic and started treating people.
It started out normal. He treated a few sick individuals and they recovered. Nothing miraculous. Some individuals started looking sicker after having visited him.
I thought maybe they just didn't have a good reaction to the medication. It was mentioned a few times at meetings, but he insisted that we just need to get used to the medicine.
Then he started suggesting changes at meetings. It started reasonably like focusing on getting healthier food, he is a doctor after all.
Then it got consecutively worse to the point where he was banning conventional medication. He claimed that he had all the medicines we would ever need.
Some time passed without much issue. Work hours had me free when the kids were all out playing, so I started babysitting them. Parents didn’t really pay me to do it.
I just did it so the town wouldn’t have to worry about it. A young kid fell from the playground, covered in cuts and his wrist didn't look great.
I took him to the doctor, and the kid went into the back room with him. I was told I'd need to wait outside, so I took the opportunity to wander around the clinic.
There weren’t many rooms in the place, just the main lobby, where he was showing off medicine in cabinets, and a couple back rooms. I looked through the cabinets.
Bottles were unmarked, syringes and strange liquids strewn about, I could recognize a few regular pain killers
I found out I was being watched by a girl, who I hadn't noticed at the reception desk. We chatted.
She spilled that her dad was making his own medicine and it was having good results. When the little kid came out, I walked him home.
I asked him about how the appointment went and he said that the doctor told him to take a pill. I asked if I could see the pill.
It was in a gel capsule, probably home made and he wasn't allowed to get a pill press.
Later on I decided that I wanted to see if these pills were any different than the standardized stuff.
I called up the girl from the clinic, I didn't have any other friends and she knew I was aware about it, so no point in getting more people involved.
We met in the woods later in the night. We discussed ways on how to analyze the pill, but we quickly realized that we don’t have the tools for that.
I took the pill, despite her telling me I really shouldn’t.
I felt it as soon as I took it, it wasn't going to end well. I told her to run and got up and ran as far into the woods as I could.
I didn't make it far, something else took control.
Anger engulfed me.
Bloodlust took hold.
She chased after me.
The fool.
I could only watch from within my own body. A voice unknown to me came out of my mouth, "You should've listened." She looked terrified, I kept fighting back.
The creature told me I'd regret fighting back. I told her to run and threw myself backwards, bark ripping into my back.
The pain made it too hard to focus, the creature recovered first. It fucking hunted her down like she was prey.
Every chance I had I would throw it off balance but god was she the shittiest runner I've ever met.
It caught up, she pushed it off a few times, but I was already far stronger than her. She was pinned to the floor, feebly struggling.
The creature said some things to her but was wrapping my hands around her neck. I felt the creatures fear, why would the predator need to feel fear?
I used that as leverage to loosen the grasp, it started acting desperate. The monster's time was running out. I managed to fight out the timer.
She was holding my face and I realized I was now in full control of my body. We went back to my place and she used some of the normal medical supplies from her dad's clinic.
I saw the little kid a week later and he ran up to me asking him to take him to his checkup. We went and he did not give him another pill.
While I was watching the kids at the park, the girl called out to me. I was half listening until I noticed she was asking my opinion on how to ask her dad about the pills.
This girl is either incredibly stupid or really believed she could change his mind. Looking back, shes definitely stupid.
I politely popped the fuck off on her, I had literally almost killed this girl a day ago and she wants to pick a fight with the person who can cause it?
Fortunately, she thought to ask me first before saying anything, however with people in the town getting more ill and becoming bedridden, her dads been getting worried when she’s out too late.
Asshole had the audacity to pull her out of the diner by her arm when we were at lunch the other day.
She told me he thinks I'm a bad person cause I'm always covered in injuries and bringing hurt kids to the clinic.
Days pass and the townsfolk are having all kinds of mood swings. Luckily, my parents left town to trade the wood we gathered a few weeks ago, then transportation here got abruptly shut down.
Only the town leaders know why, and well me and the girl. The leaders are wrapped around the doctor's little finger. I have always spied on the meetings since I was younger.
The leaders started hiding stuff that was banned. The doctor mentioned that the transportation was bringing sickness into the town and had suggested they close the roads. 
For once I was glad that a restriction took place. Transportation being blocked means that everyone outside is safe; however, it also means I can't get anyone else out.
I started to try to think about how to get people out. I stumbled upon a secret trail out of town while working the woods.
I went into the town there. They were scared of me, giving me side eyes and making sure to keep their distance. I overheard some people talking about how there are monsters in the woods.
Are they 12?? Monsters don’t exist, or at least not in the way they think they do. The town looked like a safe place to bring people to. 
I needed an ally in this town to make my plan work.
While exploring I came across some boy getting his ass kicked by a small group of bullies. They were rather easy to defeat.
He’d been getting bullied for weeks and we came to an agreement that he can threaten to send me after them if they try this shit again. I made him call up his friends.
I told him that I need them to meet me at the edge of the woods once it gets dark, then they'll be taking these people to the hospital.
Don't ask questions, I'm doing what I need to do. I didn't tell the girl, the less she knew the better. I started watching to see who was the most okay.
I kidnapped them, transported them to the town. As promised the kids, albeit confused why I had unconscious people, brought them to the doctors.
A few nights of this and she noticed I'm significantly tired. She keeps approaching me, trying to care for me. He doesn't like that. He knows I'm the reason his plans keep going astray.
I continue basically kidnapping townsfolk. They’ve gotten easier to knock out, because I've been collecting their pills. I've gone far out into the woods in secret.
I took some, all of them made me angry, but not everyone in town is angry. I guess I'm either just getting the wrong ones or it’s amplifying a deep rooted emotion. 
I got most of the townsfolk out, only unable to get those who seem too far gone out. The monster and I spoke. I keep trying to understand what is going on by prodding the monster with questions.
The monster is strong. If we were to work together we would be able to do a lot, plus we share a body, it would just take the monster one move to end me.
Through the experiments I did learn one thing. The effect lasts longer the more I take it. With the fear that I could be lost completely, I wrote this journal.
the rest of the pages are torn out
Despite all the information listed in this journal, you still do not know who wrote it. You look at the girl. "Who wrote this?"
Girl: "Uhh. Oh! There's a note attached at the bottom. What's it say?"
You squint your eyes at her deflection, but decide to read the note anyways.
It reads:
I finished the journal. With the information documented, I decided to see if I could have a full conversation with the monster.
There are many meetings between us, many ending with simple conversations. Some, however, end in a fight. Stumbling out of the woods, the girl finds me injured. The monster and I didn't come to an agreement at our last meeting.
She decides to care for my injuries again, complaining that she's running out of normal medicine due to her father replacing it with his “special” medicine.
Speak the devil's name and he shall come. Her father gave me a pill and a note. When the girl looked confused he soothes her by saying it was notes on how to heal faster.
He dragged her home.
I read the note.
It was an ultimatum.
Take the pill, or he will be using her as his next subject.
Ah, the time has come where one chooses madness over family, I suppose.
I'm writing this after mulling over how to proceed with this threat and I'll be honest I'm probably making the wrong choice. I'm going to kidnap her, bring her to those kids and leave her with this journal.
I told the kids to have her meet you at the station. I hope this reaches you brother, don't come back. Stay at the station, take her somewhere safe, find mom and dad. I will finish this.
You finish reading note. "I need to go check on my family."
The girl nods and gets up to follow.
You enter the town against the author's wishes.